Note major versions are not automatically tagged (#17776)
github/docs: content/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions.md

Selects an action to run as part of a step in your job. An action is a reusable unit of code. You can use an action defined in the same repository as the workflow, a public repository, or in a [published Docker container image](https://hub.docker.com/).

We strongly recommend that you include the version of the action you are using by specifying a Git ref, SHA, or Docker tag. If you don't specify a version, it could break your workflows or cause unexpected behavior when the action owner publishes an update.
- Using the commit SHA of a released action version is the safest for stability and security.

> - If the action publishes major version tags, you should expect to receive critical fixes and security patches while still retaining compatibility. Note that this behavior is at the publisher's discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the action publishes major version tags, you should expect to receive critical fixes and security patches while still retaining compatibility. Note that this behavior is at the discretion of the action's author.
```

Selects an action to run as part of a step in your job. An action is a reusable unit of code. You can use an action defined in the same repository as the workflow, a public repository, or in a [published Docker container image](https://hub.docker.com/).

We strongly recommend that you include the version of the action you are using by specifying a Git ref, SHA, or Docker tag. If you don't specify a version, it could break your workflows or cause unexpected behavior when the action owner publishes an update.
- Using the commit SHA of a released action version is the safest for stability and security.

> - If the action publishes major version tags, using them should allow you to receive critical fixes and security patches while still retaining compatibility (within the abilities of the publisher).

Reviewer: Added some small edits
```suggestion
- If the action publishes major version tags, you should expect to receive critical fixes and security patches while still retaining compatibility. Note that this behavior is at the  publisher's discretion.
```

> We strongly recommend that you include the version of the action you are using by specifying a Git ref, SHA, or Docker tag number. If you don't specify a version, it could break your workflows or cause unexpected behavior when the action owner publishes an update.

Reviewer 2: This isn't really your thing, but if someone is going to review this, maybe they should apply this change as well at the same time:

```suggestion
We strongly recommend that you include the version of the action you are using by specifying a Git ref, SHA, or Docker tag. If you don't specify a version, it could break your workflows or cause unexpected behavior when the action owner publishes an update.
```

Afaict there's no such thing as a `docker tag number`, just `docker tags`.

Author: I also agree with this; let's see whether the reviewer from GitHub would prefer a separate pull request with this change. Happy to throw an extra commit into this one though.

Reviewer 3: ![Uploading 2ACB98DA-19A3-4A00-8B97-AA359B1916B0.png…]()

- Using the commit SHA of a released action version is the safest for stability and security.

> - If the action publishes major version tags, using them allows you to receive critical fixes and security patches while still maintaining compatibility.

Reviewer 2: I'd lean towards:
```suggestion
- If the action publishes major version tags, using them should allow you to receive critical fixes and security patches while still retaining compatibility (within the abilities of the publisher).
```

In that it's almost worth noting that "yes, an action author may try to not break things, but, they're probably human, so they might anyway".

Author: I agree with you completely, and my first draft was more explicit about that fact, but I thought a more minimal change may be more likely to be accepted. Happy to incorporate this change or something similar, but let's see whether GitHub finds bandwidth to review this pull request.

Reviewer: 👋 I'll add this suggestion to the PR, and then check with an engineering team to confirm the preferred wording
